all right probably on my tires here just
got in today ordered them from Craig
right calm they ought retreads or recaps
you like to call got the all-terrain BF
goodrich tread on there same with the
casting an all-terrain BF on their
offers pretty nice
shred right calls him the warden I
believe the warden tried pen and yeah
call them up nice and easy that little
problem with my email address but still
got the tires here on time said like
three weeks it took like a week and a
half I'd say so pretty good there 31 by
10.5 ar-fifteens
you put them on my Jeep Grand Cherokee
here soon
once I get it lifted more videos will be
coming of those the Jeep in the tires
and the lifts and all that good stuff
well they're pretty nice for retread
seems are not too shabby
tread really nice looking got the little
Nubby's on there all over love's should
be nice shouldn't make too much noise
either in the road if it does I don't
give no care as long as I be chopping
through the snow with a mud I'll be
happy all right stay tuned for more